#Women Case Complaint Description Examples
“A female student reported experiencing harassment in the dormitory area and requests immediate investigation.”
“Complaint regarding inappropriate verbal behavior directed toward female students during campus activities.”
“A student reported feeling unsafe due to repeated unwanted attention from another student.”
“Complaint about lack of privacy and security in the female dormitory section.”
“A female student reported discrimination and unfair treatment during service access.”
“Complaint regarding offensive comments made toward female students in class.”
“A student reported intimidation and threatening behavior affecting her academic environment.”
“Complaint about inadequate response to previous women safety concerns in the dormitory.”
“A female student reported unauthorized entry into the women’s dormitory area.”
“Complaint regarding online harassment and abusive messages targeting a female student.”


✅ Dormitory Service Request Description Examples
“Request to repair damaged dormitory room lights to improve visibility at night.”
“Request maintenance for leaking water pipes in the dormitory bathroom.”
“Request additional cleaning service for shared dormitory corridors and bathrooms.”
“Request replacement of broken bed frames in room B-204.”
“Request improved water supply access in the dormitory during evening hours.”
“Request installation of extra electrical outlets for student study use.”
“Request repair of damaged dormitory room door locks for security purposes.”
“Request pest control service in the dormitory building to improve living conditions.”
“Request better internet connectivity in the dormitory study area.”
“Request additional waste bins near dormitory entrances for cleanliness.”

Cafeteria Complaint Description Examples
“The food served during lunch was cold and not properly cooked.”
“Students waited more than 40 minutes in line due to slow cafeteria service.”
“Several dining tables were dirty and not cleaned after use.”
“Drinking water was unavailable in the cafeteria during lunch hours.”
“Some cafeteria staff members were not using proper hygiene practices while serving food.”
“The cafeteria ran out of food before all students were served.”
“There was an unpleasant smell in the dining area affecting the eating environment.”
“Utensils provided to students were not properly cleaned.”
“The seating area is overcrowded and insufficient for the number of students.”
“The cafeteria menu lacks variety and repeats the same meals frequently.”